DOC-1557 Update fields to explicitly call out their use for mTLS (#287)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/partials/fields/caches/redpanda.adoc

=== `tls.client_certs[].key_file`

> Path to private key file for mTLS client certificate in PEM format. Must correspond to the client certificate specified in the `cert_file` field.

Reviewer: consider linking to the field

*Type*: `string`

*Default*: `""`

=== `tls.client_certs[].password`

> Password for encrypted private key used in mTLS authentication. Supports environment variable interpolation for secure password management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Password for encrypted private key used in mTLS authentication. Use environment variables to manage passwords securely.
```

Reviewer: both a simplification and a suggestion
